[4.6.0] Remove Kibana and Splunk from documentation (#6401)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/upgrade-guide/compatibility-matrix/index.rst

Elastic and the Wazuh Kibana plugin
-----------------------------------

> Elastic Stack and Open Distro for Elasticsearch are no longer compatible with the Wazuh manager since v4.6.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v4.6.0, we no longer support Elastic Stack nor Open Distro for Elasticsearch. Check :doc:`/integrations-guide/index` for information on how to integrate Wazuh with them.
```

Splunk and the Wazuh Splunk app
-------------------------------

> Splunk is no longer compatible with the Wazuh manager since v4.6.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since v4.6.0, we no longer support Splunk. Check :doc:`/integrations-guide/index` for information on how to integrate Wazuh with it.
```
